Remove outdated component-store/tapResponse docs (#4358)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/operators/operators.md

  });
</code-example>

> This documentation about the `tapResponse` operator has been moved from its previous location in the NgRx ComponentStore documentation (versions prior to 18) to provide a more centralized explanation of operators. You can find the old documentation at [NgRx ComponentStore - effect (v17)](https://v17.ngrx.io/guide/component-store/effect#tapresponse)

Reviewer: What about a shorter text, and wrapping it inside a alert?

```suggestion
<div class="alert is-helpful">

The `tapResponse` operator has been moved from `@ngrx/component-store` to `@ngrx/operators`. If you're looking for the older documentation (prior to v18), see the [v17 documentation](https://v17.ngrx.io/guide/component-store/effect#tapresponse).

</div>
```

Author: Great!
